# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is open-format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week or some of the things that you are still struggling with; identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally reflect on how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?
- What did you learn that was a shock or surprise?
- What are you struggling with?
- What would you count as a victory?


Well, I will try to make this one brief as it's already 10:30 and I still want to work on my hero/ monster battle program before I go to bed! Man, time flies. Closing up on the second week of BCW full stack and I am feeling extremely confident! I wasn't sure in the beginning if I would be able to put in the amount of work and commitment that is required to succeed in this class, but now I have no doubt about it. The harder I work and the more I test my brain, the easier it becomes to work, and the longer I can go in the day without feeling exhausting or muddy-headed. It's honestly pretty awesome. I have also never been this interested in learning material before in any of my dozens of college classes I took. The staff keeps the content and material fun and interesting, and in this way I think it is much easier to digest.

Wins this week. Well, just doing good and keeping caught up with all the material and the labs, I feel like I am able to match the pace in the class super well. It was also very rewarding going to the Whiteboard Wednesday and the Fireside today (Thursday). I will definitely be going to all of these extra curricular activities during the week unless something comes up. I feel a strong push to succeed in this class. Not only succeed, but go above and beyond to the best of my abilities. To distinguish myself. Being able to do this has honestly given me a new lease on life. For a while there, it felt like I was just going to fade into working a shitty job that I hated for the rest of my life. Now, seeing how much of a capacity I have to learn, and how fast we are learning in this course, it gives me hope for the future. I feel that even if I'm not able to get a job right away once the course is completed, if I keep working on my own, learning new things and building up my portfolio, I will 100% be able to find something!

As far as cons go this week, I definitely was a frustrated by a few things this week. First, one of my peers that is in my cohort is pretty disruptive during class. I get wanted to ask a bunch of questions, nothing is wrong with that. But when it just turns into said person bursting out comments and disrupting the teacher, that's another thing entirely. It not only distracts and interrupts the teacher from what they are doing, it distracts the rest of the students. I would bet money that I am not the only one who feels this way. I would love to say something, but I also feel like it is definitely not my place to do so. I'm sure that if it continues, the staff will sort it out as they see fit. My other frustration for this week was that my lab partner for today's partner lab project was very hard to work with. I asked if we were going to use my laptop or theirs. They insisted on using theirs because I had a mac lol. They didn't have a mouse, used a track pad with separate clicker buttons (which made navigating the screen hella slow). They connected their laptop to the secondary monitor, but didn't even use the monitor the whole time we coded. They didn't want to trade off going back and forth between coding. I started with talking them through and having them be the driver. But they were having a really hard time understanding the material, and it was hard to communicate and have them write out proper syntax. The didn't use hardly any keyboard shortcuts (they were using file/ undo to undo, even though they made it clear that they knew they control + z shortcut lol). Also their computer was extremely laggy and had a bagillion tabs open. Having to deal with this just burnt me out super quickly, and I ended up just getting tired and of it and counting down the clock until lab was done so I could fork the project and finish it on my own. I feel like this is definitely one of my biggest weaknesses. I don't really know how to deal with stuff like this. Do I be like hey, just have me do the coding? Hey man, you should use the monitor to display your project instead of clicking back and forth between tabs. I'm not quite sure how to deal with situations like that. Compared to last week where Austin was my partner, we meshed super well, switching back and forth with driving every 30 mins, and completely understood each other for the most part, this was very frustrating. Luckily, seeing as we only have a limited amount of these partner labs, I probably will not be paired with this person again. I also want to say that I think this person is awesome, a very nice person and fun to talk to. But as far as working with them as a partner on code, not so much. End of rant 🤪